---
title: On Your Twenties
---
If you are a graduating high school or (undergraduate) college student, you have probably been told to "make the most" of your twenties. What does this really mean? For some, it is about enjoying your youth before you likely start a family and have other social/financial/caretaker responsilibites in your life. Going on lots of vacations, being social and going out with friends often, taking a generally loose approach to this stage of life. For others, this means maximizing your career potential, working very hard to make your ambitions a reality.

Recently, I've thinking deeply about the optimal tradeoff between these two. During my time in college, I've noticed that there are occasionally academically/career-wise "successful" people that have large, tightly-knit friend groups that are seemingly striking this balance. But the most "successful" (again, in quotation marks because I believe sucess is a subjective measure) are generally doing things on their own. While they have friends (and sometimes plenty), they do not have a large group that can "fall back" on and generally keep to themselves.

I feel that I'm at a crossroads in my life right now. Regardless of the career I decide to pursue in the long-term, it seeems difficult to strive for tightly-knit relationships with many people and really maximize the potential my twenties (ideally you should be doing this for every day in your life, regardless of the decades) versus working very hard for the next stage of my career/academic life. Is it possible to strike this optimal balance and be one of the few that make it work? We will see.