---
title: You Can Just Do Things
---
As a graduating computer science (and math) major in college, I realized that there is a lot of prescription around my community, in that the goal of many is to get a four-year undergraduate degree, find a job, work for 40 years, and retire. I hadn't thought of this significantly before entering college, or even during my four years. Perhaps I was too ingrained in the culture to do so. Of course, through my internships and coursework, I learned a lot, met great people, and set myself up for sucess (hopefully...) along this prescribed line.

However, I have recently come to realize that there is nothing or no one that requires one to follow this trajectory. I personally am content with what I am doing post-graduation. But suppose Alice is a fellow graduating senior and isn't. She doesn't have to keep working for 40 years at a job she doesn't particularly enjoy. One of the purposes of employment is sustenance, in that it provides money, which provides housing and food and enjoyment. Using this money, after, say 4 years, Alice use her newfound financial freedom to pursue what she realized she wanted to right before graduating. That could be medical school, a PhD, her own business or startup, or something completely unrelated (after all, the paths I have described here may also fall along the lines of "prescribed")! As long as she has a means to sustain herself while doing these things, there is nothing that prevents her from actively pursuing what she truly wants to do.

Alice can just do things.