---
title: Risk Appetite
---
Generational wealth is an interesting concept. I believe that perpetual wealth across generations is extremely difficult to maintain and that wealth is cyclical. My mental model of this is as follows: suppose there is a family that starts off relatively impoverished. In the next few generations, someone will break this cycle by working hard and ultimately taking a *risk* that their predecessors could not (or did not want to) take. This could be in the form of immigrating to a new country, starting a business, entering a high-risk, high-reward industry, etc. Then, their next generation(s) will likely flourish with the wealth created by this person. However, eventually, someone (or a few people across a few generations) will lose this wealth. They could gamble it away, lose their business(es) somehow, or the wealth could simply run out. Then, the wealth creation cycle will repeat.

I don't have specific time-frames on this but am reminded of Ray Dalio's idea of short and long-term debt cycles. Regardless, what is important to break the cycle is someone having an appetite for *risk*, someone who is willing to make a large bet, that is inevitably on themselves, to succeed. The most "successful" entrepreneurs and business leaders have generally followed this principle, as their company (or companies) would likely not exist were it not for their massive risk appetite. It is very important to be comfortable with risk. This goes hand-in-hand with betting on yourself, which is the ultimate bet you can make.